If I don't find a way to escape soon, I will really die suddenly.
But he wanted to drink the elixir of life.
I will add some ingredients for you.
Yes.
Simulated urination
Have the guts.
It is the smell of the longevity method.
You two go down first.
I will do it for him.
So we stay and watch.
I have a friend who is not interested in women.
Have a special interest in men.
Never heard of the breath of immortality, you don't know
Don't be in a hurry to caress us, we can smell the aura of the cultivation method from the door of Binh Thac.
Your sense of immortality is not fully practiced.
Am I right?
Don't worry, we don't have flies.
Tragedy in Bat Lao Village
That year, Hi Tuy Dan was given to Truong Sinh by our master to feel the sect leader.
Later Hi Tuy Dan was called Truong Sinh Vien.
If I hadn't practiced the Truong Sinh Vien technique, I would have been killed by the people of the Khong Khong Sect long ago.
So you are stared at by the empty door.
The whole sect was stolen.
Indeed.
Hi Tuy Dan, this person seems more trustworthy than a lover.
You mean you need to refine the elixir of life?
Yes, I have a way.